All over the world as Jehovah's people, we preach to all who will listen and we receive loving support from our congregations.
But how is the global preaching work organized?
How do congregations stay united around the world?
The service committee of the governing body oversees these tasks.
Their responsibilities are to oversee the preaching work, oversee congregation organization,
and to oversee the Hospital liaison committee arrangement.
First, consider how the service committee supports you in the preaching work.
Coordinating the worldwide preaching work is an awesome privilege for the service committee.
But we know that it was Jesus who gave the commission to go and make disciples of people of all the nations.
And so we recognize that Jesus is the one in charge.
A real effort is made to provide assistance so that our brothers and sisters wherever they are can effectively fulfill their personal ministry.
For example, in recent years, we've seen the introduction of special metropolitan public witnessing, prison witnessing, harbor witnessing, reaching out to displaced individuals, for example, individuals in refugee camps.
And depending on our schedule or our circumstances, opportunities to witness informally may present the best way that we can fulfill our personal ministry.
Well, over 3,000 new disciples are being baptized every week, and the preaching work is being done in 239 lands around the globe.
The service committee works under the direction of the governing body.
We send significant matters to the governing body for direction.
An example is the establishing of the teaching toolbox.
The service committee gives very close attention to what publications would be considered as basic tools for the ministry.
And because there's relatively few of those, all of us can become very well acquainted with them.
And thus we're able to become very effective in the ministry in preaching the good news and in starting and conducting productive Bible studies.
A number of you are moving to serve with a need is greater.
Many of you are simplifying your life. And in some cases, a number of you are learning and adapting to new cultures.
Many thousands have entered into the Pioneer service.
Now this opens up other avenues of service such as serving where the need is greater, observing on construction projects, and even entering into a special full-time service.
A special full-time servant does not mean that they themselves are special.
What is special is the assignment they receive.
Those in special full-time service might be assigned to service a special pioneer, or as a field missionary, or in the circuit work.
We need you young brothers and sisters to set spiritual goals, to go to SKE, for you young brothers to qualify to be ministerial servants and elders, and use sisters to want to be pioneers and missionaries, to drive the work ahead worldwide.
Brothers and sisters, when we see your love for the preaching work, it is so heartwarming for us.
No matter what your circumstances, you're doing your best to share the good news.
First Corinthians chapter 14, verse 33, and verse 40, tells us that Jehovah wants things to be done orderly and by arrangement.
The Scriptures confirm that the heavenly part of Jehovah's organization is well organized.
The earthly part must be as well.
Our motto is fast on principles and slow on rules.
By holding to what is written in the Scriptures, we uphold Jehovah's thinking, knowing that we're imperfect, not infallible.
As the Bible clearly says, we are not the masters over others' faith.
Our brothers and sisters under much pressure these days.
There's the spirit of the world, there's health problems, there's persecution, there's disasters.
But the elders are there with the brothers and sisters, encouraging them and keeping the congregations clean.
We love you dear elders and circuit overseers and respect you for the heavy load you carry.
We have congregations in over 200 lands and in hundreds of languages.
So providing spiritual food in the form of theocratic direction that meets the needs of the brothers and sisters worldwide is not an easy task.
So we're in communication with the branch offices in over 80 lands.
Those brothers on the branch committees are like eyes and ears to the governing body and as a result we know what the needs are.
The service committee sends out theocratic direction by means of the service departments and all the branch offices.
As soon as the service departments get that information they begin translating it and then they ensure that it's distributed to some 7,000 circuit overseers and over 700,000 elders worldwide.
That means that that announcement or that information will then reach your congregation.
Like Jesus did with his disciples, we want to do everything we can to help you to carry out your personal ministry to the best of your abilities.
And of course circumstances.
When making headquarters visits or shepherding visits to the branches, I keep in mind that I'm visiting Jehovah's sheep and they have to be cared for and fed.
It's very similar to the excitement that's generated when congregations have the visit of their circuit overseer.
That same excitement is generated albeit on a larger scale when representatives come to the branches.
It allows for that personal interaction where you can correspond with the branches, give them the encouragement they need, things that they may need assistance with but it has a tremendous unifying effect.
We love you dear brothers for your self-sacrificing spirit and the hard work that you do.
We know that you're doing Jehovah's work and we know it's not always easy.
Wherever we go in the world, we see the love that you brothers and sisters have for Jehovah and for the preaching work.
And when we see what you're willing to do for Jehovah, it warms our hearts and encourages us to keep going.
The work of the hospital liaison committees is something that is very precious.
When we need help, Jehovah's organizations there to provide it.
To help us become better acquainted with the hospital liaison committee arrangement, we should all take a look at the video, a loving provision for times of distress.
There's nothing more frightening than learning that we have a serious disease or learning that a loved one has been in a serious accident.
Jehovah has given us the HLC arrangement to provide the comfort, the encouragement, the strength that we need at those difficult times.
We cherish our privilege to preach and worship together.
In this divided world, our peace, love and unity are a modern day miracle.
With Jehovah's blessing, we are confident that the preaching work will continue to advance and the congregations will be made firm in the faith.